So what our ReACT portals portals and react is new and a concept that allows us to project or render
a react component in a different place than it normally would be rendered.
Normally the sides draw would be rendered as part of our main navigation and therefore wherever dismay
navigation is rendered.
Now with a portal we can mark a new place in our H.M. file so in public indignation L where we want
to render our portal content.
In this case I will add a new div in front of my root div here and I will named as draw hook.
The name is totally up to you.
So this has an idea of draw hook and it's outside of the root div.
Its next to it in front of it.
This is where I want to render my side drawing.
So now back to decide draw.
We have to tell react that it should render discontent here for that I'll first of all store my j is
X content in a new constant.
You can do that.
You can do with J as x whatever you can do with a regular javascript expression so you can also store
it in variables or constants not just return it.
And what I will return is something different than before.
We need to import react Dom from react dash Dom.
This is the other part of the react library which thus far we only used to render the react application
itself.
Here in index J as well it turns out react Dom has more than just a render method.
We can also use react Dom dot create portal and now we tell react which content to render where and
there a point at content.
So what's stored in this content constant.
And then we need to select a place in the DOM where just content should be rendered when this component
is mounted when this component is used and here I want to get an element by ideas in my HMO page and
there I used the idea just assigned there which is the draw hook and we save that we see the same result
as before but semantically does is now rendered differently which I like a bit more it's inside of the
draw hook now.
Now isn't the end of the world if you don't do it like this it does not even bad but I find it interesting
to also dive into portals here and show you this alternative.
It's especially intriguing if side draw would be included in some deeply nested component and you would
otherwise render it somewhere deeply inside your element tree in the DOM.
Well then a portal might be especially nice because it allows you to render the content of a component
in a different place then the component itself the component is part of the component tree so to say
and the content is rendered somewhere else that's a portal that doesn't solve our problem that the draw
is always visible and not animated though.
So let's work on that.